The pieces and Boards in this program come from Jin except for those otherwise noted below which is released undger GPL.

I do not know that the pieces and boards are all gpl and by making them avaiable offer no more rights than by www.jinchess.com making them available.

The spatial set includes author and copyright info.

Jin change log states: * Added all the non 3D piece sets from blitzin (bookup, dyche1, dyche2, dyche3),
  with permission from Daniel Sleator (Darooha).


To me the above means for the bookup and dyche piece sets ICC could ask that you not use them in your client, perhaps depending on how they are used, i.e. if they are primarily used for connections to the chessclub server or not.  While my client connects to fics, its primarily for chat, game play only half supported, and the primary intent is for this client to be  used on icc.  I do not at this time advertise it on FICS, but the option is for icc members who may want to log onto fics while on lantern and chat a bit.  I will investigate if jin uses the pieces above on both fics and icc as it does allow conncections to both.

The rest of the pieces I do not know though the alpha pieces i understand are compatible with GPL.

flags came from http://www.free-country-flags.com/ under the creative commons share and share alike liscence.  i am using flags small in flag pack 1.

note July 17 2011: the purple chess board was copied from blitzin and is not an exact copy but a partial screen grab. i can grant no more rights than i have and icc can request it be taken down.

The Olive chess board and Cherry board came off the net as partial screen grabs. I was not able to ascertain the
complete rights from the sites i grabbed the images. The Olive and Cherry board were part of blog posts found
in image search.

note March 2nd 2017:
the CCube chess pieces are made by perlhacker(now PerlHackr) which he describes as based on Raptor and GPL
the Wood-4 and Wood-5 boards are from Stockfish also GPL

The liebeskind, molten, moltengood, moltenevil pieces were made by moltenthinker for Lantern. He asked me to put them in teh program. 

Mike Adams
